we're starting Lisa arch she'll be
reading Y chromosome why not hi when I
found out I was pregnant I prayed for a
boy please God please let it be a boy I
don't know what I'd do with a girl I
understand boys God please girls scare
me they always have where boys are
filthy little balls of energy girls are
judgey clicky little bundles of emotion
and I'm pretty sure they hate my clothes
for the 11 weeks before genetic testing
was to take place yes I had genetic
testing I was 35 my eggs were 35 and I
had to make sure the kid was my
husband's mmm so for the 11 weeks before
the genetics test I danced back and
forth between desperately wanting a boy
and feeling guilty for not wanting a
girl but then telling the girl that's
not being such a little princess and get
over it oh god please make it a boy when
I finally went for the genetic test I
realized I just wanted a healthy baby
boy
shut up I'm being honest the test was
horrible and terrifying and I held my
breath for the next 48 hours praying
that nothing had gone wrong or hurt the
beautiful boy who was growing inside me
a week later I got a call from my doctor
my heart raced as I pulled the car over
to call back this is it this is it Lisa
he started out yes I'm Lisa first of all
he said the baby seems very healthy
everything looks good I started to cry I
had a healthy baby inside me I hadn't
expected that to hit me so hard a
healthy baby oh my god I was going to
have a baby only two years previous I
hadn't wanted anything to deal with it I
didn't even really like kids or
understand what to do with them I didn't
get why parents thought their filthy
little monkeys were so cute or
interesting or anything but petri dishes
and snot monsters and little bags of
flesh who ruined my restaurant
experiences on no less than 13 occasions
and now here I was in my car in toluca
lake right by the trader joes on the
phone with my doctor who just informed
me that my pending snot monster was
healthy do you want to know the sex he
asked yes please well it's a boy oh my
god thank you so much I have to call my
husband I screamed into the phone and
hung up I immediately dialed my
husband's phone knowing he was in a
meeting but praying he was he would
answer hello he said yes I said yes he
said it's a boy now at this point I was
apparently hysterical and insane so all
he heard on his end was it's a la what
came the reply it's a moi I repeated
completely perplexed with his lack of
understanding I mean clearly the kid was
already hurting our communication I
cannot understand you he said I took a
deep breath it's a boy honey we're
having a little boy his jubilation on
the other end made up for the incredibly
frustrating previous 10 seconds we
celebrated he went back to his meeting
and
I called my doctor back the receptionist
answered and I asked to speak to my OB
he's with a patient okay can I just ask
you a favor he told me my baby is a boy
but now I'm afraid I heard him wrong
could you just can you just check out my
file the 26 seconds that followed felt
like at least 38 seconds when she
returned to the phone she assured me yes
there was a boy in my uterus I thanked
her and hung up so I could thank God for
answering my selfish prayer God thank
you for my healthy baby thank you for my
beautiful husband and this glorious day
and thank you so much for knowing that
I'm ill-equipped to deal with the little
girl I will spend the rest of my life
proving it oh you know what I mean on
September 18 2007 I had a perfect little
boy he has made me something I never
knew I wanted to be a mom and to be a
mom is to be an emotional wreck an
anxiety-ridden freak a goofball a
nurturer a chef a story reader a story
writer a bather a lecturer a teacher and
a friend to be a mom is to step aside to
create confidence to cheer from the
sidelines to pray harder than you ever
have to be a mom is to know such great
happiness that it physically hurts
sometimes and to want more than you have
ever wanted for someone other than
yourself I am fully Who I am more fully
who i am now than I ever knew I could be
i am Garrett's mom and I am blessed
everyday but God helped the bitch he
brings home I do not deal well with
girls
you